update alt text on images on studio (#5809)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/authz/permissions.mdx

2. In the **Model** pane on the right, expand the **Owners** window. 
3. Choose **Create**, **Read**, **Update** and **Delete** to specify that *Owners* have create, read, update, and delete access. The settings look as follows.

> ![Owner authorization rules on a GraphQL data model](/images/console/10_ownersaccess.png)

Reviewer: Does this image show extra settings someone would have to configure that isn't already mentioned above? I see that we're supposed to have create, read, update, and delete but am wondering if there's anything else that is being shown in the pic.

If it does, then we'll need to write that out inside the alt text, or we explain it in more detail in the paragraph above.

The reason I bring this up is because we mention, "The settings look as follows...". Someone using a screen reader might not be able to get that extra info from the picture if it isn't mentioned anywhere else.

## To set a private authorization rule
1. Using the *Books* data model that you created in the [Create a data model example](/console/data/data-model#Create-a-data-model-example), set the authorization mode to **Cognito user pool**. 
2. In the **Model** pane on the right, expand the **Any signed-in users** window. 
3. Choose **Create**, **Read**, and **Update** to specify that any signed-in authenticated user has create, read, and update, access. The settings look as follows.

> ![](/images/console/11_privatesaccess.png)

Reviewer: Since we're making the image decorative, I think we shouldn't have the "The settings look as follows" sentence above it. 

If it's decorative then it means it can be removed and the content wouldn't be missing anything. So I think it makes sense to not mention it at all.

Hopefully that makes sense

> ![Private authorization rules on a GraphQL data model](/images/console/11_privatesaccess.png)

Reviewer: Same here regarding the "The settings look as follows", does the image convey any extra info not mentioned in the paragraph above? If so we should write that out in the alt text, or write it out some more in the paragraph above.

## To set a group authorization rule
1. Using the *Books* data model that you created in the [Create a data model example](/console/data/data-model#Create-a-data-model-example), set the authorization mode to **Cognito user pool**. 
2. Create an *Editors* group using the instructions to [create a group](/console/auth/user-management#To-create-a-group). Alternately, you can create a new group from the **Add a new rule for...** menu.
3. In the **Model** pane on the right, select *Editors* from the **Add a new rule for...** menu. 

> ![Process of adding group authorization rules by selecting "Add a new rule" in the menu on a GraphQL data model](/images/console/8_menudetaileditors.png)

Reviewer: This could probably be decorative as well since the step 3 above describes it well. if you want to keep it then that's okay too. You could do something like this:

```suggestion
![Screenshot of step 3 as mentioned abovel](/images/console/8_menudetaileditors.png)
```

I got that idea from this resource: https://it.ucsf.edu/how-to/accessible-images-best-practices, there's a section called `Screen shots for "How To" documentation`

4. Choose **Create**, **Read**, **Update** and **Delete** to specify that signed in users in the *Editors* group have create, read, update, and delete access. The settings look as follows.

> ![Group authorization rules on a GraphQL data model](/images/console/9_editorgroupaccess.png)

Reviewer: Same here regarding the "The settings look as follows", is there any extra info the photo not being explained above? If so then we should write it out in the text above or explain it some more in the alt text.

> ![](/images/console/9_editorgroupaccess.png)

Reviewer: Since we're making the image decorative, I think we shouldn't have the "The settings look as follows" sentence above it. 

If it's decorative then it means it can be removed and the content wouldn't be missing anything. So I think it makes sense to not mention it at all.

Hopefully that makes sense

1. Using the *Books* data model that you created in the [Create a data model example](/console/data/data-model#Create-a-data-model-example), set the authorization mode to **API Key**. 
2. In the **Model** pane on the right, expand the **Anyone** window. Choose **Read** to specify that any signed in user has read access to the data in the *Book* model. The settings look as follows.

> ![](/images/console/7_publicauthreadonly.png)

Reviewer: Since we're making the image decorative, I think we shouldn't have the "The settings look as follows" sentence above it. 

If it's decorative then it means it can be removed and the content wouldn't be missing anything. So I think it makes sense to not mention it at all.

Hopefully that makes sense

> ![Public authorization rules on a GraphQL data model](/images/console/7_publicauthreadonly.png)

Reviewer: Same here regarding the "The settings look as follows", is there any extra info the photo not being explained above? If so then we should write it out in the text above or explain it some more in the alt text.
